DOCUMENT TERMS
1. "Website" refers to bulknodes.com, including all subdomains associated to the primary domain.
2. "The Company" refers to BulkNotes, Ltd.
3. "Your Content" refers to any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. Introduction
These Website Terms and Conditions shall manage your use of said Website.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of the Website. By using the
Website, you have agreed to accept all terms and conditions outlined in this document.
You must not use the Website if you disagree with any of these Terms and Conditions.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not permitted to use the Website.

2. Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, the company and/or its licensors own all the
intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on the Website.

3. Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercialising any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to
the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation
to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being accessed by you and The Company may further
restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, at The Company's discretion.

4. Your Content
By displaying Your Content, you grant The Company a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub-licensable license to use,
reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights. The Company reserves
the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.

5. No warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” inclusive of faults, and The Company expresses no representations or
warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also,
nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.

6. Limitation of liability
In no event shall The Company, nor any of its officers, directors or employees, be held liable for
anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is
under contract or not. The Company, including its officers, directors and employees, shall not be held liable for
any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this
Website.

7. Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent The Company from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs,
demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any
of the provisions of these Terms.

8. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall
be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.

9. Variation of Terms
The Company is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you
are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.

10. Assignment
The Company is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these
Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of
your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

11. Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between The Company and you in relation to your use of
this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

12. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom,
and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the United Kingdom for the resolution of any disputes.
